right now real-world you can snap your
fingers and you can have one algorithm
that's tied to one biochemical process
in your life for real what would you
want to monitor and get that feedback on
now that's easier in a healthcare if
there is like something seriously wrong
in my body that I don't know about like
I don't know cancer or something I would
like the algorithm to find that out I
don't want to wait until I mean the
usual process is that it has to go
through your own mind you can't
outsource it I mean today when you need
to diagnose cancer there are exceptions
but in most cases there is a crucial
moment when you feel something is wrong
in my body and you go to this doctor and
that doctor and you do this test and
that test until they finally realize
okay we just discovered you have cancer
in your liver or whatever but because it
relies on your own feelings in this case
feelings of pain very often it's quite
late in the process by the time you
start feeling pain usually the cancer
has spread and maybe it's not too late
but it's going to be expensive and
painful and problematic to treat it but
if we can you know outsource this don't
go through the mind through through my
feelings I want an algorithm that with
biometric sensors is monitoring my
health 24 hours a day without my being
aware of it it can potentially discover
this liver cancer when it is just a tiny
just a few cells or beginning to to to
to split and to spread and it's so easy
and cheap and painless to take care of
it now instead of two years later when
it's already spread and it's it's a big
problem so this is something that I
think almost everybody would sign onto
and this is the big temptation because
it comes with the whole other be the
long tail of dangers I mean this
algorithm that the healthcare system
knows almost
everything about you so one of the
biggest battles in the 21st century is
likely to be between privacy and health
and I guess that health is going to win
most people will be willing to give up a
very significant amount of privacy in
exchange for far better health care now
we do need to try and enjoy both worlds
to create a system that give us a very
good health care but without
compromising our privacy
keeping there yes you can use the data
to tell me that there is a problem and
then we should do this or that to solve
it but I don't want this data to be used
for other purposes without my knowing it
whether we can reach such a balance and
like you know have-your-cake-
and-eat-it-too
that that's a big political question
yeah yeah that's that is very crazy and
very exciting for somebody like me who
definitely airs on the side of wanting
the health care
[Music]
you